Remove codespaces and add link to k3d config (#1201)
radius-project/docs: docs/content/getting-started/index.md

{{< image src="diagram.png" alt="Diagram of the application and its resources" width="500px" >}}

{{< alert title="🚀 Run in a <b>free</b> GitHub Codespace" color="primary" >}}
The Radius getting-started guide can be [run **for free** in a GitHub Codespace](https://github.blog/changelog/2022-11-09-codespaces-for-free-and-pro-accounts/). Visit the following link to get started in seconds:

[![Open in GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/codespaces/badge.svg)](https://codespaces.new/radius-project/samples)
{{< /alert >}}

> 

Reviewer: I wonder if we should comment this out for now in case we figure out a solution to enable users to leverage codespaces again?

> > *If you don't have a preferred way to create Kubernetes clusters, you could try using k3d with the recommended [configuration]({{< ref "guides/operations/kubernetes/overview##supported-kubernetes-clusters" >}}), which runs a minimal Kubernetes distribution in Docker.*

Author: ```suggestion
> *If you don't have a preferred way to create Kubernetes clusters, you could try using [k3d](https://k3d.io/), which runs a minimal Kubernetes distribution in Docker. Make sure to apply the [recommended configuration]({{< ref "guides/operations/kubernetes/overview##supported-kubernetes-clusters" >}})*
```

{{< image src="diagram.png" alt="Diagram of the application and its resources" width="500px" >}}

<!-- commenting until we enable free minutes to try Codepaces
{{< alert title="🚀 Run in a <b>free</b> GitHub Codespace" color="primary" >}}
The Radius getting-started guide can be [run **for free** in a GitHub Codespace](https://github.blog/changelog/2022-11-09-codespaces-for-free-and-pro-accounts/). Visit the following link to get started in seconds:

[![Open in GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/codespaces/badge.svg)](https://codespaces.new/radius-project/samples)
{{< /alert >}}-->

## 1. Have your Kubernetes cluster handy

Radius runs inside [Kubernetes]({{< ref "guides/operations/kubernetes" >}}). However you run Kubernetes, get a cluster ready.

> > *If you don't have a preferred way to create Kubernetes clusters, you could try using [k3d](https://k3d.io/), which runs a minimal Kubernetes distribution in Docker. Make sure to apply the [recommended configuration]({{< ref "guides/operations/kubernetes/overview##supported-kubernetes-clusters" >}})*

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
> *If you don't have a preferred way to create Kubernetes clusters, you could try using [k3d](https://k3d.io/), which runs a minimal Kubernetes distribution in Docker. Make sure to apply the [recommended configuration]({{< ref "guides/operations/kubernetes/overview##supported-kubernetes-clusters" >}}).*
```
